chore: add readmes to pl examples [DET-5149] (#2096)
determined-ai/determined: examples/gan/gan_mnist_pl/README.md

# PyTorch Lightning MNIST GAN Example

> This tutorial shows how to build a simple CNN on the MNIST dataset using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial shows how to build a GAN on the MNIST dataset using
```
